[PHONE BUZZES]
My son was hired by someone
to kill your father.
[GUNSHOT]
You're saving his skin.
I'm telling the truth.
[ENGINE REVS]
- Fuck!
[KINNEY]
Whoever ordered that hit
is more dangerous than the fella
who pulled the trigger.
- Fuck.
I'll be the judge of that.
Have I got your word
that you'll leave my son alone?
You have my word that I won't
shoot you in the back
when you walk away.
I'm not giving you my son!
[GUNSHOT]
- [EXPLOSION]
[GUNFIRE]
I'm not sorry...
[KINNEY]
Open the fucking door!
...cos I'm not the one
who should be.
[GUNFIRE]
Head west.
To Evie.
She'll have a boat waiting.
Once they get tired
of tracking 'im.
Watch over him. Mal
for me.
- Of course.
[GAS HISSES]
[GUNFIRE]
[EXPLOSION]
[HE PANTS]
[DARREN] 15 north. east 30
over the brook. north 25...
and then we dig.
[IOAN]
Big or small?
[DARREN]
What?
[IOAN] Well. north 15
baby steps'll put you
a fair fuckin' distance away
from north 15 daddy steps.
[DARREN]
Daddy steps?
Fuckin' daddy steps?
It's in metres. you twat.
[IOAN]
Fuck me. Darren.
What? What's the problem?
Did it have to be your initial?
Doesn't fucking matter.
Like. we found it first.
Guy's a fucking paedo.
One shot and it'll pay
for everything.
We can get away.
From all of them.
Just us.
Load it.
[DOOR SHUTS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
Oi. oi. get away
from that window!
Please. Mal. I've been stuck
in here for days.
Can I just get some fresh air?
Just for a minute?
No. you can't.
You're staying here
till that boat arrives.
You can't just make me
get on a fuckin' boat.
I can and I will.
Now sit down.
That lad and his family
want you dead.
Every day you spend here
the more they'll come
looking for you.
And your dad too.
You think I give two shits
about that cunt
after what he did to Ioan?
He wouldn't have had any reason
to do it though. would he
had you not killed who you did.
huh?
Hey. this is big. Darren.
Way too big to fix.
A lot of us are hurtin' now
because of what you fucking did.
But I'm still here.
And you're still alive.
The least you can do
is make sure that we don't hurt
any more than we have to.
Understand?
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
Is there really no Wi-Fi?
[EVIE] You still bloody
going on about that?
[MAL CHUCKLES]
- There's no Wi-Fi.
There was none last week.
there was none yesterday
and there's none today
and there'll be none tomorrow
when you ask again.
What about next week?
- Well...
the boat would've come
and got you by then.
Thank God.
- Thank fuck.
There's fuck all to do here
anyway.
He won't even let me look
out the fucking window.
[EVIE]
Read a book. play the piano.
Christ. do something
other than fucking mope.
Here. Mal. I need you to go up
to the Inn at the top.
I got supplies waiting...
kids have got the wheels.
They're out selling my stock.
Your legs don't work. do they?
- What?
That hill? These knees?
Fucking suicide.
I'll go.
- The fuck you will.
Oh...
You must've done something
awful. huh?
Can't even get my bread
and beans
without looking over
ye shoulder.
No. it's fine. I'll go.
Just the bread
and the beans. is it?
Frank'll have a box ready.
- A box? Fucking great.
Not heavy.
I promise.
[MAL]
How far is that pub again?
[EVIE] About a mile if you cut
through the woods
and up the ridge.
Don't worry.
I got the cash here for you...
[CHATTER FADES]
[HE YELLS]
[HE GRUNTS]
[ENGINE RUMBLES]
[WOMAN]
Baxter. come here!
[DOG BARKS]
[FLIES BUZZ]
[FAINT BEEP]
[PHONE BEEPS]
[MAN IN DANISH]
Requesting FR support teams
on all CCTV
petrol stations. transport
routes. roads. high streets
all surrounding areas.
Suspect code.
Alpha Foxtrot Echo 7384
Edwards. Kinney.
[PHONE RINGS]
[WOMAN IN DANISH]
[DISTANT RUSTLE]
[HORSE SNICKERS]
[KINNEY GRUNTS]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
[DISTANT SIREN WAILS]
[DISTANT RUMBLE]
[MACHINERY RUMBLES]
[DISTANT THUD]
[REPETITIVE THUDS]
[EVIE]
Hey!
You've been told not
to come down here.
I swear if you've taken any
bullets...
I haven't. I wouldn't.
I promise.
Well. if you had.
you'd be hard pressed
to shoot fuck all with that.
That calibre won't fit inside
your starter pistol. boy.
[MACHINERY THUDS]
Interesting piece of metal
you've got there.
Who gave it you. eh?
Cos round your way...
I only know Mikey Cartwright
make a toy like that
capable of killing a man.
You know I can't tell you.
The same goes for anyone
who asks where I am now.
[SHE CHUCKLES]
Good answer.
How much do you make
with all this?
Eh. enough not to worry.
Enough to keep this place going.
But still not enough to pay
for a fucking internet
connection?
Cheeky bastard.
[HE CHUCKLES]
How do you even start
with something like this?
You make what you know.
When you see one
that close up. you...
So...
when are you planning
on telling me who you killed?
Frank?
Frank!
Service is... slow.
Is it?
Frank. you there?
[FRANK]
I'm coming!
[DISTANT FOOTSTEPS]
Can I help you?
- Excuse me?
You've got a pint there
going flat.
Why don't you fucking drink it?
[DOOR OPENS]
Thank you.
Sure.
For Baxter.
Hmm?
Christ.
I haven't seen you in years.
What is it this time?
Evie sent me.
[FRANK]
I hope you drove.
I've got a week of supplies
for her.
You know old Evie
likes a drink.
Can hardly blame her.
living up here.
You ever thought about doing
a door-to-door service?
Only five doors within
five miles around here
and in 15 years. you'd be
the first one to complain.
Fucking city boys.
- Get fucked. would ya?
[FRANK CHUCKLES]
Right. now you tell her
I got no luncheon meat
for her this week
but I've thrown in
some extra beef paste.
Her Albert loves the stuff.
Lovely. Whatever.
- Yeah.
Aside from that. no changes
from what she asked for.
Well. other than the two extra
mouths to feed.
About that.
How long is he there?
The boy.
Like I said. five doors.
five miles. 15 years
we all help each other out
with whatever we need to get by.
And no questions asked.
I thought.
You're a talkative fucker.
aren't you?
Oi!
Once Albert docks tonight
sure to Christ I'll be
the bastard
helping him refuel that boat
for you ready for the morning.
A bit of respect and trust
wouldn't go amiss. right?
I'm sorry.
Look. um...
if you want anything.
or if the lad needs anything...
All the lad wants is his
fucking Wi-Fi.
Yeah. well.
we got fuck all of that.
Are you lost?
Toilet?
- Right next to you.
Where it says toilet.
Piss only.
Shitter's out of order.
Lucky me.
- Lucky for both of us.
Here. cop hold of that.
Terrific.
- Yeah. Can you manage?
[KINNEY GASPS]
[HE GRUNTS]
[HE PANTS]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[ENGINE STARTS]
Stay here.
I want nothing to do with you.
Just the Jeep and your gun.
It's not a barter.
Cock the barrel open
and hand it to me.
Come on.
She full?
Two-thirds.
She'll do a couple of hundred
before she stops.
It's more than I need.
Dad?
- Jules!
Stay there!
- Hey!
Dad?
- No. Please. don't.
I wasn't planning to.
But I will if you take another
fucking step.
Now I've got a way to go.
so tomorrow you call
the police and report it stolen.
not a moment before.
You don't want me as an enemy.
you understand?
Now go.
Be with your kin.
[PHONE BEEPS]
[PHONE DIALS]
[VOICEMAIL]
The number you have called--
Fuck.
- ...please leave a message
after the tone.
- [VOICEMAIL BEEPS]
Mal...
[IN WELSH]
[EVIE]
Shouldn't you be inside?
Uh. Mal. he said that I could--
I won't tell him if you won't.
You not gonna fold 'em?
Albert and I have been in
creases since the day we met.
Our laziness is one of the few
things we have in common.
And the kids of course. Ah...
Albert and I. it's made us.
having them here.
They came to us in
different ways. but...
we love 'em all the same.
So when's this boat arriving?
Before dark.
- What. today?
Albert won't want to set off
for at least another day or two
and if Mal gets his arse in gear
with the food and drink
we'll be able to have
a proper send-off for you.
Can't I just stay?
Can't you just take me in?
Like the others.
Ah. love.
Look. I can work.
I'll do whatever you want.
I know you would.
But you killed someone. Darren.
Staying here longer than needed.
it's not safe for you. nor us.
[HE GASPS]
[HE STIFLES A YELL]
[STAPLER CLICKS]
[HE GROANS]
[DISTANT CHATTER]
[FRANK]
Are you lost?
Toilet?
[FRANK] Right next to you.
Where it says toilet.
Piss only.
Shitter's out of order.
Lucky me.
- [FRANK] Lucky for both of us.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DISTANT CHATTER]
[HAND DRYER WHIRS]
[CAR DOOR SHUTS]
[IN DANISH]
What can I get you?
No. no. no--
[GUNSHOT]
- [FRANK GRUNTS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER IN DANISH]
[GIRL] Oi. come on!
- Alright?
[GIRL]
Yeah. alright.
Who're you?
No one.
- New recruit. Mum?
Nah. Just passin' through.
Be gone by morning.
Oi. what's all this?
Are you fucking kidding me
or what?
Oi! You stop walkin'. old man!
Evie...
- No talking!
I'm telling you now. son
if he drops my shopping.
there'll be bloody hell to pay.
He's with the boy.
Go on. Give him a hand.
No. you fucking don't.
You just drove right past me
with these bags.
I could just about throw these
in that house from here.
Where were you when
I fucking needed you
halfway to breaking
my fucking neck. huh?
Are you his dad?
Darren! Get back inside!
Oi. There's a lot
of stock left over.
You been gone over a week.
I expect you to shift the lot.
Nah. we couldn't deliver
'owt to Mikey Cartwright.
Not gonna be able to
anytime soon either.
Someone torched him
in his kiosk.
Torched him?
- [GIRL] Aye.
He went up with all his stock.
Police had cordoned
it off before we got there.
You!
- [MAL] Evie!
[EVIE] I knew there was
something wrong!
[MAL] Evie!
- Gimme the gun!
Gimme the fucking gun!
That's Mikey's metal.
And this. this is my slug.
Tell me the truth!
Who the fuck did you kill?
[MAL] Evie!
- Look at me. look at me!
Evie... Evie!
- [EVIE] Tell me!
Who the fuck did you kill?
- Just...
Finn Wallace!
Finn?
Yeah.
Finn? No!
- [MAL] I couldn't in all right
tell you. could I?
- [EVIE] No! No!
Cos you knew. you knew
that I'd never fucking hide him.
Get away from the window!
- [EVIE] Why?
Why? Just tell me one thing.
Why would you go after him?
- We didn't.
He didn't know who he was...
Darren. will you step away
from the fucking window!
Dad...
[GUNFIRE]
[GUNSHOTS]
- Oh. fuck!
[EVIE SCREAMS]
[SHE SCREAMS]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[GUNFIRE RESUMES]
- [HE YELLS]
Come on!
Get Darren!
[HE WAILS]
[SHE GRUNTS]
Mum. please...
Liam! Don't let them
surround the house!
[HE YELLS]
[GUNFIRE STOPS]
[GUNSHOT]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[GUNFIRE STOPS]
[IN DANISH]
[GUNFIRE]
Come!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Evie!
[SOUND MUTES]
- [SHE BREATHES SLOWLY]
[LOUD DISTORTION]
- [MUFFLED YELL]
[SHE SCREAMS]
[EVIE SCREAMS]
[GUNFIRE OVERHEAD]
[MAN SCREAMS]
Jesus! The roof!
Now! Get on the roof!
You see anybody's feet
other than ours
you fucking shoot them.
you hear me?
Darren!
[DARREN YELLS]
[KINNEY MUTTERS]
[FOOTSTEPS OVERHEAD]
[GUNFIRE]
[DEVICE BEEPS]
- [EXPLOSION]
[EXPLOSION]
[GUNFIRE]
[MAN]
Go. go. go!
[GUNFIRE]
[HE GRUNTS]
- [GUNFIRE]
[DISTANT GUNFIRE]
[IN DANISH]
[DISTANT GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[HE YELLS]
Cover me!
[HE ROARS]
- [GUNFIRE]
[MAL YELLS]
[GUNFIRE]
[HE GASPS]
[SOUND MUTES]
[EXPLOSION]
[EARS RING]
[SHE BREATHES HEAVILY]
[KINNEY GROANS]
[HE COUGHS]
[KINNEY COUGHS]
- Come on.
[DARREN]
Get your fucking hands off me.
You fucking killed him...
You fucking killed Ioan!
You're fucking evil!
Get off me! Get off me!
I'll hold 'em back.
long as I can.
Thank you.
No. no. Evie. please.
Come with us.
Evie. please! No!
Be worth it. boy.
No. no. please. come with us!
Please. Evie! No! Get off!
Please. Evie come with us!
No. Evie! No! Evie!
Where does it lead?
[GUNFIRE]
- [SHE YELLS]
Give me the gun.
Give it to me!
Hey! That's mine.
Here.
It's worth something now.
[DISTANT BELL RINGS]
That'll be Al.
Come on.
We can still make it.
For a week. I've had
one bullet left in this gun.
And every day I saw it.
I swore I'd use it on you.
Take more than that
to put me down.
I've done it before.
It only took a second.
No. son.
It took a lot more.
Come on.
[DARREN SOBS]
- Come on...
You let me get you
on that boat. son
and I'll let you pull
the fucking trigger.
[DARREN GRUNTS]
- Come on.
[DARREN SOBS]
Come on.
- Come on!
[KINNEY GROWLS]
- [DARREN GRUNTS]
[BOAT ENGINE RUMBLES]
[THEY GRUNT]
[ALBERT]
No. no. no. no. Evie...
You keep that running!
We had a fucking deal!
Kinney! Where the fuck
is my wife?
[GUNFIRE]
[DARREN GRUNTS]
[KINNEY ROARS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUN CLICKS]
[KINNEY ROARS]
[SOUND MUTES]
[DARREN SOBS]
[DARREN GROANS]
You get on that boat!
You head straight.
- Dad. please.
[DARREN GROANS]
Shh...
You push it as hard as you can.
As far as she'll go.
[DARREN WHIMPERS]
Come on. boy.
Stay strong.
Dad...
Son.
[GUNSHOT]
Why'd you pick him?
[GUNSHOT ECHOES]
[PHONE DIALS]
[WOMAN]
Hello. Mr Kapadia's office.
Hello. 246.
[WOMAN]
Yes. sir. Immediately.
[LEIF]
We're done here.
[JEVAN]
Everyone?
More.
[JEVAN] Remove all trace
and return to London.
Orders just came in.
We've got a new target.
Another son.